So welcome back to Riyadh and welcome to our office. Introduce you quickly to the team. Farouk is our CFO right now in Dubai. He's in our Dubai office. We have Mahmoud Jibali. He is our facility management supervisor. He stepped out. Here in the room we have Mr. Alaa. He's our membership and services manager. We have Adam who just stepped in. She's our head of operations. Really on the gym team. We have Karim who is our head of procurement. We have Amin, head of marketing. And we have Sheba, head of IT and technology. That's great. So we have all the required roles. All the required. The only one that's missing right now is HR, which we thought no need to trouble him at this time. But it could be something later on we can include. Literally, for us, long term, it's crucial to understand the business as a whole. Because there are also in many cases, let's say, challenges and opportunities, even on the deep back office like HR. One of the examples from the market is that in some cases you have those temporary employees you need for some summertime or season, high season time, but you need to onboard them and offboard them later as fast as possible and do it automatically. So that can be also the... Or trainees. Yeah, correct. There's a lot of stuff like that. Very good. So to start off, where do you want to start? Do you want to talk about what we currently have in terms of technology and setup or do you want to talk about the vision? Yeah. Because each one of the head of departments, I have sent them an email. They are prepared to ask you questions. They're also prepared to answer questions. They're also prepared with the challenges they're facing right now. They're also prepared with what they would like to have based on what they are aware of. And for the last almost four months, how long have I been here? Three and a half months? Since I came here, everything we've been doing, one of the things we've been doing, is really looking at technology. Because when I came in, I noticed that we have some gaps and that we needed to improve and develop and elevate our digital presence in the company, external, all around. I want this digital ecosystem. So we've been looking at several companies. So they are kind of rehearsed when it comes to digital. Where I have informed them, I introduced you as a consultant in the digital space to help us create this ecosystem. With your knowledge and your expertise, you have recommendations, you have suggestions. You don't have yourself your own vendors, but you know of vendors. You don't have your own CRM, you don't have your own MMS, but you know of them and you know how to work with all of them. And that's how I introduced yourself, that you are the guru, you are the expert based on your experiences out of Poland, but your European and international experience, and local here in the region, Dubai and UAE, to help us figure out what is the best way forward, the best direction to take. We have collected information, we have done some analysis, we can share those with you. So where do you want to start? So first of all, before we go to those things, because we already had a discussion, you know something about me, I would like to make sure others also know a bit about me. I would start with that. Then I would jump into the part related to, let's say, where you are right now, when it comes to this digital part. All of your challenges, struggles, inefficiencies, and all of the stuff. Literally, I would expect you to throw all of that at me at that point. To be honest, normally I wouldn't be here alone, I would have another person, Vicky, senior technology advisor, and actually he would be also working with you in this whole engagement. But yeah, as I mentioned in the email. He's having a baby. Correct. So he's literally on call and he needs to be around all, and you know, like always, family first. So this time he's not with us. So I will maybe introduce mainly myself and what we do as Codeka. So just to start from the beginning, I'm a former software developer. So I spent building software and managing software development teams for more than 18 years. Then I switched actually being a founder and started working with the business industry. So it was more than 10 years ago already. And our first client was Dabekra. You probably, if you know, you know them. And since then, actually, I'm responsible for leading quite a big team. So it's 80 people in total. So 70 engineers related to building software and providing those IT related services. On one side it's consulting, on the other side it's software development. And literally I focus mainly on the fitness industry. I mean mainly because, you know, right now fitness industry is not in a bubble. So there are some concepts like longevity, leisure and so on and so on, which let's say are like the satellites, I would say, to fitness industry. So because, you know, working with many clients around the world, literally starting from the US, even like, you know, Polish market, sorry, European market, we have already quite, you know, extensive backpack of knowledge from different, let's say, from different clients, from different markets. What's actually hard to get when you are working internally in one of those companies. So we work hand in hand with internal IT in order to, you know, push everything forward. And when it comes to digital transformation, so like full digital transformations, we did two and a half, I would say like that, like those big ones, meaning literally, you know, long term scraping everything and rebuilding everything was related to software and digital infrastructure. So it's the Baikalab where literally 95% of their infrastructure right now is custom. What gives them a lot of advantages over the competition? Probably we will have some time to talk about it because that's the concept of, let's say, lost opportunities you have when working with all of the shelf software. And the second one is Jazzercise. Jazzercise is one of the biggest franchises in the world. They are quite niche, that's the funny part, because they are focusing on dance-based studio classes and they have more than 8,000 franchises around the world. 8,000? No, no, 8,000. 8,000? 8,000 franchises around the world. Wow. It's around the world. Really? Are they in Saudi? Really? Smaller gyms, but they're not currently. Yeah. And the last one is EOS Fitness, where literally we are right now in the process of rebuilding everything for them. The long term plan is to get rid of ABC Financial, their old system, replace it with a custom piece of software, which will be not only supporting EOS Fitness itself, but also their new brand, Municipal. So they are working on a new concept, it's not new, but the brand will be new. And it's more like premium, smaller gyms, let's call them fitness facilities for welfare Americans. And right now we are in the process of building the infrastructure around ABC in order to push it to the side. And in the meantime, we are working on, while working on the new custom mobile application, we are redoing right now group classes and PT training, which will be already outside of ABC. And later we will start working on other stuff. Of course, there's this whole part related to billing, to payments, to compliance. Those are the most tricky ones. So while working on some projects, we can tackle faster, so the group classes, we are also doing business analysis, just to ensure we are not missing anything when it comes to just replacing ABC. And those are those bigger assignments where literally for those companies we have teams, 10 plus people working day to day on moving all of that forward. And of course there's a lot of smaller, let's say, things. That keep you busy. Yeah, that keep us busy. But to be honest, most of the time I'm spending working with clients going through the digital transformation. Those smaller things don't occupy me so much. And to the end of last year, I was the CEO at Codeka. Right now we made a small change and I'm co-CEO. Actually my wife became the main head responsible for delivery and stuff like that. That gives me actually more space for the fun stuff, so working with companies like you, being back more focused on the technology, driving the technology and so on. I was actually talking to Karl Foster from Germination during the FIBO show that I have finally more time to start competing with him on LinkedIn when it comes to showing all the good stuff we do. So literally that's me, that's Codeka. Do you have any questions regarding what I said? Is there anything else you would like to know right now? Do you have any local Saudi clients? Actually we have a startup here. I will show you probably the designs of the event. I showed those to you. It's unrelated to fitness, unfortunately. But let's say my friend, a guy who spent a lot of time also in Poland, and he's working here with government and Saudi military on some project. On the other side, he's on a small side project, a startup. So I was able to show you some designs for Arabic language and stuff like that also. And you're familiar with the local regulations when it comes to digital, like the hosting issue? Yeah, I mean, I'm aware of all of that. I wouldn't say it's an issue. It's how it works. It's the same in the European Union. It's supposed to store European Union citizens' data on servers in Europe. Of course, the main difference is that there are more cloud providers there than here, and the infrastructure is much better right now. But I wouldn't say


It's like that we start talking to a potential client and they, in theory, feel the need, see all of the stuff they are struggling with, and when they realize that getting from the point where they are right now to the point where they would like to be, it's like a lot of technology involved. And suddenly it's like, oh no, no, no. Change, resistance. They fear change. We passed right now, maybe later, maybe in the future. And also it's related to the knowledge. So something you don't know, you refrain from. Correct. Probably education is needed in the digital aspect. So a lot of people, okay, they want digital and technology, but they don't know how to use it. So education should also play a role. That's part of what we do and that's why it also takes a lot of time. Time from when we start talking to someone and any meaningful actions on their side and it's like a lot of real education showing, hey guys, there's company XYZ which is already doing that. And the race already started. It's not like right now with technology, you need a technology to be the first on the market. To lead. Yeah, to lead. Literally right now, you're chasing others. If you're not in the technology... I think that's more especially in the sports sector, still a mature market. Yeah. Still a mature. They haven't got to that level of thinking, you know, where... Because here everyone is looking for the other, what the competitor is doing, let's do the same. But who's leading? Actually, right now... More than that, it's about... They don't... I mean, like Amin said, they don't understand the kind of value or transformation that technology can add to their business. Because where the competitor is, the other, you know, in the same level. They're not trying to take that step, you know, to change. Everyone is looking what the other is doing and then let's just be similar or try to acquire more of the market. But they're not trying to make it... If you are similar, like where is the selling point? Where is the differentiation? True. But the thing is, digital transformation needs resources. Yeah. They don't know how. It's not available here. So this is what makes some companies refrain because, okay, I will have the technology, but I don't have the resources to manage it. Maybe. That's, you know, that's part of, you know, how... Human capital, yeah. You need to, let's say, you know, always figure out all of those things as part of... Transformation. Trying to build more technology-savvy, you know, organization. And it's probably, you know, change management. Like most of that is change management. It's not even about the software itself. It is, but it's not easy to find the resources. I'll give you an example. If I'm looking for a digital marketing manager, it's next to impossible to find a good caliber in Saudi now. It's a digital marketing manager. It's not technology. It's not... It's a role that's becoming, I mean, since 15 years we have it. But still, up to now in Saudi, it's very difficult and it's very costly to get a digital marketing manager who's really good in digital marketing. So this is one side. How about a whole company that needs a digital, you know... Yeah, so maybe, you know, it makes sense to, you know, look for those resources abroad. Abroad, yes. But it's costly. Yeah, it is costly, but on the other hand side, you know, like, if you don't have those resources here, like, the only option is to try them somewhere else. Or just, you know, use what you have right now. So, like, there's always... Educate what you have right now. Yeah. But, you know, in order to educate someone, you need a mentor. So that is like a cycle with all of that. So actually, it was funny you mentioned, you know, the problems with finding a marketing manager. Last year, I think, yeah, it was last year at Beyond Active, I had a discussion with Mr. Abbas Almas. So he was the marketing guy... In fitness. Yeah, and he literally said exactly the same. You know, he was looking for someone to help him, like a marketing manager, and he said, you know, no way to find someone who would, you know, fit my needs. I mean, I've been in Saudi for the past 20 years now. Every time I want to recruit a digital marketing manager, I find it so hard. Resources are very scarce. You need to get someone from outside Saudi if you need a good career. So, yes, I mean, and this is a role that has been there for 20 years now. And it's amazing it's not changing. I think some of it is changing. They're trying to educate. The government is trying to educate. It's trying to, but it's not easy to find a resource. Interesting. So, Nasser, are we coming back to the discussion? Or if you have something to do, we can just get, you know... So this is kind of the overview. So, okay, one question is regarding all of this. Staying in Sahafa? Staying in Sahafa? Thank you for that. So that's the positioning. That's where we are right now. We are fixing situations. I got a phone call now. Another problem. We call it Waka Mall. You know, this game where we kill those... You know, something was popping up from the mall. Yeah, I think this is much worse than that game. And, you know, financial problems, financial issues, lack of resources. I mean, there's a lot of things that we have to tackle. Finance department, IT resources, marketing resources. And then you have the actual operation, which includes facility management and staffing and stuff. So we have a lot of things to tackle. Once we get that established, then we'll have the other pillar. Because I consider three things that we have to focus on to make it successful. There's the real estate, you know, where they are, the locations, the rent. Is it affordable? Then you have the actual human resources and the people to be able to run the show. And then you have the funding mechanism, which is what this business right now is struggling with. A lot of money has been invested, and it's a losing business. So we have to figure out a way to make it successful again by cost-cutting, cleaning materials, working with suppliers, looking at our headcounts, introducing new technology that we can have for efficiencies and effectiveness. And then we still need some money to be able to run the business. On a gym level, the gyms are very successful. They are profitable. What makes it not profitable is everything else in the back end, the funding mechanism, the head office costs. So we can see that our head office costs is set up for 40 gyms. Well, what do you do when you only have 20? So then you have to cut costs, but you need some foundational things to be able to run, whether it's one or 20 or 40. So right now you have infrastructure that can actually handle more, but you don't have the resources to be able to expand more. So the partners, the shareholders, there's two shareholders, 50-50, they are invested in the business. They want to make it work, so they're working on the funding side, and we have to work on the operational side. We used to have here, the company used to have Oracle. We now work with Microsoft Dynamics. Why that change? I wouldn't have changed away from Oracle, but we are in transition for the last two years here. The company is to work with the backbone, the ERP system, Microsoft. We work with X-Serve, which is our MMS. X-Serve, the contract is with X-Serve directly with Pure Gym UK. We don't even have a contractual agreement with X-Serve directly. The contract is between X-Serve and the UK, and the UK then is the one that is doing all the development, which we pay for, which takes forever, which also gives us the limitations. But you mean the development is done on the Pure Gym UK side or X-Serve side? Anything that has to do with X-Serve is done in the UK. So some stuff has to be done through the UK team, and some stuff with the X-Serve. We can't do anything. We don't even have access to the API, which we're trying to get for Fitness KPI, so that we can look at what we can do with them. So X-Serve is an issue for us. The website, our app is a web-based app connected to the website. The website is also hosted and managed by the UK team. They also own the domain, so they also own the brand in Saudi Arabia, but they give us rights to use the brand so we can put a sign board and have the title, whatever. So we have an authorization from the UK team, from Pure Gym, that we can use the branding. They control X-Serve, they control the website, therefore controlling the app. The CRM that we use is Zorro, but only for simply sending WhatsApps and everything is run manually. We have Tamar Run, which is our PT application, which we use. Then we have Extensia, which is our membership services, which is outsourced to Jordan. Then we have Syndos. Syndos survey. Survey, yes. MTS and surveys. Then we have on digital marketing, we have a company called Kiat, which works with Google and Meta for our social media platforms and everything else. We have freelance digital people that work on digital marketing. Who else did I miss? So we have all these separate companies. We have Zendesk. Zendesk. For the


So, first of all, I would suggest really having the audit, you know, having deeper discussions with all of you and many probably other employees, including people on the field, meaning working in the clubs, collecting all that information, then starting driving decisions regarding what software you need, all the shelf software, after that. Why? Because there is a lot of, let's say, those hidden things you need to, let's say, consider, which are hard to identify, let's say, without a deeper research, and it can dramatically influence your final decisions regarding the software. And there is also a lot of stuff, let's say, we know you probably don't know, literally things like perfect gym. To be honest, even though I really like the current perfect gym software, when it comes to how open it is and how well it's serving most of the purposes and it's accessible and stuff like that, but when it comes to the overall strategy of Sport Alliance, like I had already a lot of discussions with people in the industry and with Sport Alliance itself, people who came from Perfect Gym to Sport Alliance. Actually, I also employed one of the Perfect Gym guys just after the acquisition, so I have also some internal information about all of that. So literally right now, there is really no real plan on Perfect Gym coming back to the GCC region. Right now, and that's, let's say, the insider's information. They don't even think about anything what's to the east from Berlin. Literally, you know, Gym Nation is the only GCC-based company they want to work with. Why? Because Carl Foster is doing great PR for them. On the other hand side, literally, no matter who are you talking to, even here, Armag is right now on Perfect Gym, and right now they see it was a terrible decision to go with Perfect Gym. Actually, I feel pain saying that because Perfect Gym originally is from Poland, and even though the software itself, the current one, is great, the new one, the Perfect Gym Plus or Next, whatever they call it, is not based on Perfect Gym, but it's based on Magic Line. On Magic Line. The original Star Alliance. Correct. So it's a totally different platform, even though the name will remain, but where actually they are failing is not the software, it's customer support. The thing which is more important than the software itself. And even probably with Xert, you heard already the term, oh, it's on our roadmap. And then it never happens. So literally that's their way of doing the business and working with the clients. Why? Because for many years they got used to treating their clients as hostages. Because in case club management system becomes your nervous system, you're a hostage. Because it's hard to migrate from one to the other. And on the other hand side, coming back to what you mentioned, that you have discussions with all of those companies, I would recommend being very conscious and very cautious when it comes to discussions. This is where we bring you in, your expertise, to help us which one do we work with or none of them, and then we create something custom. And that's my idea. I look at you as the guru, the expert, that's going to help us make these decisions. This is where the consulting side is. That would be the recommendation. Because what for instance I noticed, right now there is no great club management system. Sentinel, I wouldn't be so sure it's a good choice. If you want to do stuff beyond what they provide you right now. Because I already heard the extensibility is not great. They do everything to keep you locked in. And because they are the most local ones and the companies are choosing them because they are local, they feel very comfortable in their position. Their business is to lock you in and keep you as a hostage. I know their limitations as well. Yes, so there is a lot of stuff like that. And they don't have Arabic. No, actually to be honest there is no... Xurpa is competing with Sentinel. They need to know that they are MMS. Sentinel MMS. And there is literally right now there is no... Fitness KPI works with everybody. But you know, they are a bit different. When it comes to let's say off the shelf software, I would right now consider as part of the ecosystem, because we already have some experience with that, is Fitness KPI and second one is InnoFitness for retention. Inno? InnoFitness. InnoFitness. Yeah, I can contact you. What do you think about Club Planner? Because we saw that they are capable of doing a lot of customization. So actually when it comes to Club Planner... They don't have Arabic. It depends on actually what you want to do and what you need to do on the facility management side. Facility management side. Because Club Planner... Does not do much on the facility management side. Oh yeah, sorry. No, it was Club... No, Club Planner was the facility management. Yeah, they don't have much of facility management. It was more CRM. Okay, so wait a minute. Okay, maybe I... Jolt is the facility management. Jolt. No, no, no, there is something with Planner also in name, which is facility management. Okay, it doesn't matter. I will check that later. So yeah, okay. Literally, I would say do those decisions wisely without rush, because they will sell you everything. Literally, they will tell you, yes, you will get everything you need, all of the customizations, and yes, we have very broad API and so on and so on. Literally, the first case where sales promised a lot, and then of course almost nothing happened, was nine years ago at the Bay Club. So the first attempt why we started working with them was to move from extremely old Club management system, which was like from 80s, those based... Who did you work with, the lady there? Sorry? Who did you work with, the lady that was there, what's her name? No, not the lady. So at the time I was working with CIO, Aaron Getty, and later actually he left the Bay Club, and right now it's Fernando. Fernando Chilbar, who worked in Brazil. Actually, if you'd like to have a discussion with him, I can set up a call. So he really likes to share the experience and knowledge, because they went through a lot of pains during those years. So, okay, let's maybe jump in, because time is running. So I just want to give you that full read so that you're in the loop with everything. Now go ahead, guys, throw out marches and everything. Number services, the main issue we have with payments. Since we integrated the system with TABI, some members, not all members, when they register and pay, their membership doesn't get activated. They have a credit on Xero, but there is no membership. So we have to manually create the membership. Okay, so you're talking about the membership bought through the website? Yeah. Okay, are there any other channels where you can actually buy the membership, or the website is the only one? Yeah. We don't have a sales team. The only way that you can buy is through the website. And you cannot cancel right now only through member services. So actually, you know, I did a research before we met, and on the customer feedback side, the cancellation, you know, how hard it is to cancel, was like, let's say, topic number one. Although on the other hand side, you know, from your perspective, it shouldn't be extremely easy to do it. It shouldn't be extremely easy, it should be extremely difficult. Correct. In the UK, you can do it through five steps on the website. Here, it used to be you can cancel through the app. But because it was so easy, they cancelled it and they made it through member services. Now our member service is based in Jordan, and we pay the agency by hour, hours per day. So now everything goes through them. So that's cancellation is a big one for our discussion. How do we tackle that? But the point that Alaa is making there is they buy on the website, they actually pay money. It shows as we have the funds with us, but there is no membership. And it turns out there's certain credit cards that there's some kind of integration. So they pay money, they pay, they expect the membership, there's no membership. Yeah, and not all the members. Not all members, only certain members. So a certain set amount of credit cards or something. Interesting. So it sounds like something between payment provider, Excel, and the website. Yeah. And I believe they've been integrated way inside. Also another payment issue, some members we have, once the payment failed, we give them 10 days grace period until the next deduction. The member does try between those 10 days to go to the website, he has to go to the website and log in. He can't do it through the app, he has to log in to the website and pay it manually. Sometimes it doesn't work. He gives them an error that the account doesn't work. He tries multiple times, then it does work. What we have to do in this case is, some of the cases that we figured out is, the biggest of the multiple challenges is that bank flags it as a fraudulent transaction, and then we save this card number as a trusted card, so finance can do it at the back end, and then it goes through. The unfortunate thing is, the members use the same card in 15 different retail outlets or restaurants or cafes to buy things, it doesn't flag. But I think our security system is so tight that it doesn't allow them more than once or twice. That kind of becomes a disadvantage, because they're trying a couple of times. The only way for them to communicate that is either to go to a branch or wait on WhatsApp or member services, and


Enhancement system should be part of the ecosystem. It should be treated the same as PT training, like the fitness KPI with their reports. It should be like a satellite, not in the center. The center should be part of your infrastructure depending on the company can call data hub, it can be called data augmentation layer, wherever you call it. It should be part of your ecosystem. Actually, it's what GymNation is doing. So for them, Perfect Gym is like any other system surrounding the core, where the core is on their side. So other issues? Auto renew? Auto renew? With that operations wise, it's going to be because I think I'll add auto renewal part to that. So strictly from a member management and gym operations point of view, I think one of the biggest thing you'll probably hear all of us say including marketing, the ops in general is Exurb doesn't fit the boxes that we want it to be in terms of a CRM itself. And as a member management software, it only does CRM at the moment. Sorry, it only does member management at the moment, not CRM. I'm saying this because currently all the memberships that register on the website only come on Exurb. The only thing that you can see is view, member data, probably change the password, and then do a freeze or really small things on it. And that's the end of it. So sending out an email is a task which has to be done manually. Nothing can be triggered automatically. I understand Exurb as a software has multiple possibilities with other vendors or UK kind of uses it more differently, but this is the limitations we're living with at the moment. So SMSs cannot be sent, WhatsApp. Emails can be sent but it has to be triggered manually. So I'll give you an example. If there's a member who's behaved in a certain way and we want this member and send an official email, then we send out a manual email via Exurb so there's documentation because Exurb's been used by operations, been used by member services, so there's a history that you can go back and check. So there is no space where you can go back and check the interaction with the member. That is very limited. So when a member walks in, you get a pop-up that says, hi Anu, or this is the name of the member, there's a payment pending, or it's his birthday, or there's a push notification. There's nothing of that at all from a member management perspective. We strictly only use it to view data at the moment. To summarize it. So from a member communication, from a member management perspective, we do not have support and everything that we're currently doing is happening manually. You want to see who are the members joined yesterday? You go and Exurb, pull an Excel report to see who these members are. Do you want to know visit reports? Pull another report to get to see them. Do you want to know if they're in the gym or not? You don't get to know, see that. Like a dashboard. You don't want to communicate with them? You don't understand that. And it's simple things like if somebody sticks a QR code at the door and you're entering, it should say, this person's entered. So the person at the desk can go back and say, hi Allah, good morning, welcome to the club. Simple things that we can communicate and manage members does not happen. On the other side, let's say, the person walking into the club, should be in red in case there are some payment issues. A birthday can be a different color or a new member can be a different color. So your interaction... Correct. With a new member, you need to treat new member differently because in many cases the person is lost or doesn't know what to do literally in many cases. And in order to keep that person longer, you need to take care of those newcomers. So when we're in there and what you mentioned, we don't know who these new members are unless either we talk to them or they talk to us. And if it is peak hours in the evening when the gym is busy, then it becomes impossible to understand. The idea is if the gym team has seen this member or if they identify the member and they don't know who they are, they'll say, hi, this is so-and-so, what's your name? Let me introduce myself. So the whole process begins. Technically, the sales process for us begins after the member is a member so that interaction goes a little differently and we need support in that one. Second thing, member onboarding processes, which is if you're a member, currently our process limitation is you join us, you have a membership, that's the end of it. So there's no continuation of it. The interaction has to start manually. So we identify who these new members are manually and we don't get to reach all 100% of them because it's impossible to know who they are and what time they have to check. We do not have a call center or a call-in facility at the gym. We don't have a sales team. We don't have a front-end house. Our gym houses nine people. That's two managers and seven trainers, out of which four of them are fitness coaches who are predominantly responsible for group classes and gym floor management. And then we've got three personal gym and sort of personal training. Of course, they support us with gym ops tasks and other things. So with that limited staffing, it becomes difficult to just make interaction as an activity overall throughout the day, especially with gyms that have higher volume. So the member onboarding process does not include... We have a get-started session which is part of our group exercise. But they have to choose. They have to book it, yes. Which means even for us to educate the members saying there is a get-started session doesn't happen. When a member enrolls now, they do get an email which is a welcome email which consists of the contract, an attachment with the terms and conditions of the gym itself. So it's an acknowledgement of their membership if there is a legal situation which is not signed or anything. But even if we put a link to get-started session there, half of them are not going to read it. And to go click on that link, download the application, book the session is a bigger process for them. So there's a big disconnect between when the member joins and how that process of onboarding happens in the gym. The attempt now is to call members through the coaches. A lot of times they don't answer. You can't reach them. They want to come at a different time. We don't have a get-started at that point in time. So that disconnect can be bridged if we have a CRM and an MMS that can communicate. You enroll, you get a message. Here's a link to the session. You've missed a session, book another one. Do you want to talk to a PT? Here's the link that you need. Most of that can be automated, to be honest. True. So we're struggling with that quite a lot. Push notifications on the app is not possible at the moment. I think that's one of the simplest things we should be able to do. That's something that makes me even sad. You are not the first one mentioning this so simple thing like push notifications in the back of the app. Even each gym with their mobile application, which they provide to many clubs, are struggling with that. On the other hand, literally you are in your member's pocket. And that should be a no-brainer. You are using push notifications to inform, guide, upsell, and do a lot of other stuff. That should be one of the first channels of communication. The second one should be, right now, at least in this region, should be WhatsApp. And you should be able to just reach out to your member over WhatsApp. And the member should be able to reach out to you. And not only with typical operation-related stuff, but with some guidance. On the other hand, when you mention newcomers, you can have automatic workflows which will guide that person over WhatsApp. And then when you know that the member did his first session because he had to check in to the club, after a few hours you can reach out, hey, everything was okay, are you happy, do you need some help? Maybe you'd consider having, I don't know, trial personal training session so someone will walk you through all of that with a simple link where you can literally, from your phone, book a session where the only thing there's no need for registration, stuff like that, because on WhatsApp you can have the link which will identify you when you click it. And then you are getting a very simple form where you have the mall of showers available right now. I want this one, and literally that's it. That's where it should finish. But it's not, let's say, not so broadly used in the fitness industry. On the other hand, from my perspective, from the technical point, those are right now, with all of the tools available, those are so simple things. We can literally do, in many cases, in days. If we are able to get to the member's data and figure out some triggers we can use, literally it's a matter of days to having those communication channels ready and taking care of the member. Of course, in the long run, you can tune those to make them even better, but for that you need some sample data already from the interaction, but still, the first phase, literally it's in days. Under a month to have it from the ideation to the first production release. So, yeah, that's probably something we'll need to discuss in more detail also. This is the initial part of it, and then the other half of it is retention and then understanding member behavior that we mentioned, right? Currently, with Exurb, we have a concept of joiners and leavers, so there's no retention possibility or renewal possibility because on Exurb at the moment, with the software that we're


That's opportunity. Yeah, so it's always making everything working for you and not trying to reinvent the wheel. Exactly. So yeah, that's why I mentioned at the beginning, so Kodeka is a consulting firm, we have a software development arm, meaning that we put things together and align with the goals, vision to solve the problems, and we involve software development arm when needed. And it's not like it's always needed, and sometimes it's needed to do small automation, sometimes it's required to do something bigger if needed. On the other hand, it's not like we are pushing for, you need to replace everything with custom stuff. No, actually it doesn't work this way. And it's more about aligning with the goals, and if you have the tool which works for you, but maybe you are missing some small stuff, or you would like to build on top of it, but the system allows you to build on top of it, then great, why would we change it? We wouldn't have discussion about an excerpt or any club management system if they would provide the right level of extensibility. I totally agree, but I can see also the other side of it, it's like instead of paying here and there a huge amount of money, I can cut some costs and give it to one who's going to give me all. That's also another part of it. I mean if I'm paying a dentist 100,000 Riyal, well if you create something similar to a dentist, I'm getting back to a dentist example, and I'm going to pay you 50,000 Riyal, that's a 50,000 Riyal cut for me, and I'm doing the same thing in your system, or like your umbrella system that you're going to be providing. So I understand that if something is working, don't touch it. I'm just going to give whatever you've got missing, I'm going to provide it to you. But at some point, maybe I don't want that system because it's expensive, I want you to create something that I'm going to pay you less. But that's one of the things, because cost is something that can mean the system is not working for you. So we can talk about dentists, the system is not extensible, the system is buggy, the system is not providing me what I need, but the system is too costly for me. That's also one of the factors, and that's what we need to identify, we have all of those discussions. Because first, if you tell me that dentists are too costly for me, I would like to understand, okay, how are you using Zendesk? Because maybe we'll find something on the market that will fit your needs better, or we can... Give me what I want. Yeah, it can give me a cheaper product, and you can make it later on. The second question, you've been working over here in Saudi Arabia before. You worked over here in Saudi Arabia, no? Or this is our... Have you worked in Saudi before? With any company, other companies? He answered that question. Yeah, yeah. He has a friend, he's working on a certain... Take a look, I can show you the business. Yeah, what is your point of view? My question is that the difficulties that he found, if he worked over here, and he overcome, and if we got... Because this is going to also propose a timeline later on, if he had these difficulties going on. So, literally the biggest difficulties are the ones you mentioned, so related to local compliance, compliance with local law. Yeah, so if you deal...
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, literally that was actually a great example, because my friend wanted to use Microsoft Azure as the platform for all of the stuff. And of course, Azure is not here yet in Saudi, like the closest data centers are in UAE. And I was helping him going through all of the documentation, all of the stuff related to, you know, register the need in the government, all of the preparations, just to show also that, you know, how the data will be secured in order to allow government to do it, because actually you need to get the permission, if I recall correctly, to store the data outside. And you need the possibility to, let's say, prove it, that it will be safe. You have no other option than to move it outside, because right now you don't have the right, let's say, infrastructure inside Saudi and stuff like that. Yeah, so there is a workaround. You don't need to have the hosting here. You cannot have the hosting here. You can actually submit an exception to prove to them that I can't, because it's hosted in whatever, the UK, mother company, whatever. So there is an exception process. What about the dynamics you are using? On Microsoft servers? Yeah. Or you are using the version hosted by you? The version hosted by us. Ah, okay. I think. It's on-premise. Ah, if it's on-premise? It should be here. It should be here. Yeah, inside. In such case, it should be here. But, you know, like... For you, actually, what I should check, because I don't remember that. I had some discussion with guys in UAE a couple of years ago. If people, like citizens of UAE, so their data, if it can be stored in Saudi, or it has to be stored in UAE. I will need to get something I would check, because right now you are on two markets. Yeah. Then you will have Qatar, probably some... It is cloud. It's not hosted here right now. But all the companies, Oracle, Microsoft, they have to build it here, which will happen by the end of 2026. Then we will move from there to here. But right now, it is in the cloud. In the cloud, and it's outside of Saudi. It's outside of Saudi. So they come, then we will have... Yeah, but, you know, I wonder what was, you know, if there was any procedure on your side done? No. In order to... We didn't do anything. Because they are not here. It's purely kind of... There is no rules. Great zone. Yeah. It's about the future. Yeah. So you are correct that, for instance, Microsoft, actually they are right now building the data center here. I had a discussion with them at LEAP this year, because actually I was extremely interested in when they are going to finally have the data center here. When I was actually... Funny story is that I was trying to get the information about the data warehouse, you know, opening. When I was in Poland, like we have our own... Our own... How to call it? Contacts, let's say, contacts on the Microsoft side of Europe. No one was able to figure out and provide us, you know, this kind of information. Literally I had to fly to Riyadh, you know, go to LEAP conference, to their booth, and chase the right person who was actually able to answer that question. So they said, you know, end of 2026 is when they are going to open the first data center here. Okay, third question I got. You talked about some CMS systems, like Sentinel. Yeah. Were they to be... I don't know what the word is, but they enslaved their client. Yeah. They kept them under their wings, I would say. Most of them. How do, like, Koreka ensure me as a company that they will not do the same for me? So literally everything comes down to having the mechanism which allow you to keep like a copy of the data inside of your organization. Yeah. So how in most of the cases the idea, let's say, architecture looks like is that there is like, imagine that in the center you have your infrastructure, your data, and all of those systems you are using, all the shelf, are actually talking to your central thing, and you always keep, you know, the data also on your side. Of course, when it comes to cloud management system, like that will be a source of truth for membership and other stuff like that. But you always keep, you know, a copy of the data on your side. On the other hand side, when you think about like your, for instance, website, mobile application, it shouldn't talk directly to the cloud management system. It should talk to your infrastructure. Then your infrastructure should actually, you know, inform those systems about that. Of course, you know, the ideal story. Sometimes you need to do some exceptions to the truth and go directly, but then you need to ensure that you will grab the data later or like, you know, send the same data to your infrastructure and cloud management system. Because like when you have all the data on your side, it's much easier to start first, for instance, cutting off some of the software you don't like. That's the first part. Second part, it's much easier to have like the big overview. They mentioned dashboard, stuff like that. Literally even to the point where actually you have live dashboards of people checking into the cloud and checking out from the cloud. But that requires, you know, like having this beast in between, which is owned by you. So your own databases, your own, you know, infrastructure, which is actually like it's ruling all of those other components. And it's also part of, let's say, like plugging in some small element in between even those systems talking to each other. Of course, depending on the possibility. One theoretical example would be having something small in between XERP and your access control, where actually you would be able to catch all of those check-ins while they are happening and put it to your system. On the other hand side, the great thing about having a piece of like this middleware is that you can change the rules of checking in and checking out. Then you can even check external systems and make them part of the logic you involve


So UX, UI, we can be controlled from here. This is what we require actually. That would make the most sense. So they can control the domain itself. Yeah, this we need to discuss with the UK. But the big challenge is, and we cannot go away from this one, is the migration of the data warehouse from Exurb. We cannot start from scratch. Why do you say that? We cannot start. You have to migrate your member data, profile, history, everything. Because if you start from scratch, you say, how do you manage? But we can configure access to the warehouse and control it from here? For what? For Exurb? No. You need to, if you have your own system now, test system, okay? You need to make a back to back, like a path, transfer all your data to the new domain. This is not a new domain. No, it's the same domain but I'm redesigning the website. It's about domain. I'm not talking about domain, I'm talking about system. Except warehouse. Okay. If now we start from scratch with any system, okay? Without data. How can you manage your existing member now? You don't have the history. Okay, so we're talking about primary. Yeah, so it's not only that, but you know, like MMS is probably one of the last parts I would consider as something that needs to be changed. It could be, but that's only if you have access to it. You can get stuff out of it to work, but it might be a case where I think we might need to, that's going to be the challenging part and we have to be smart about it. We might not have a choice but to do it all at once. So we'll see. If Exurb is here and we want to do everything else and then change Exurb over to a new platform, that might not be possible. But Nasser. Because we need access to him. So what you would like to do? The API for Fitness KPI, we still won't have access. They will not give us Exurb, will not give the API. But Nasser, in order to do anything, you will need access to the data. No matter if you want to just build on top of Exurb or you would like to migrate from Exurb to anything else, you need the data. We need to start from scratch without the history. Just keep that in mind. This is going to be very ugly. The problem with the migration, so they have approved everything. You can have your own MMS, your own everything, but you will have an issue with migration. They are saying that to us. Be careful. The members still need to have access. So they have us by the walls. You are the hostage. We are the hostage. They control everything. So let's figure out if we are able somehow to put our hands on the data. I will contact a few people I know, say maybe two. So we'll see if we get the API for Fitness KPI, at least we will then be able to take some data out. And that was my push for Fitness KPI, because at least it's a test that we can get some data out. And if we have the member data, then I don't care about Exurb. And also now I'm working with the technical team of Fitness Force. We have a challenge. We have tried to get the data of one center, like any of our customers. We get the data. But regarding the invoicing, we cannot get the transactions. So how we can migrate? Because without transaction or invoice transaction, you cannot get or migrate the balance of the member. You cannot know what is the history of each account. You should have a lot of things. So I'm trying, but I can imagine right now you are just leaving all of the data with Exurb and start everything from scratch. And what you would say to your member? Sorry, you can't access. I don't know if you are a member. Yeah, exactly. How is it possible that I'm a member? Consider a new owner comes in and takes over. So what would happen with the member then? That happened already. Fitness First to Fitness Time. Fitness Time, Fitness First, already closed. And all the members transferred to Fitness Time. Yes, but without any integration. Without any data. Just data, okay. If you are a member, please bring me a proof in Fitness Time, in Fitness First, and come to me and we will register you. But how many branches were there? Just one branch. That's a backup plan, right? Because right now if we wanted to introduce our CRM, or whether it's called Planner or Custom or whatever, again we're going to face issues with Exurb. We're going to introduce a new platform. We need to work with Exurb. Then again we'll have issues with Exurb. So that's why I'm saying we're testing things out. Let's see what happens. Just keep it in mind. So apart of the membership I mentioned I would need to have, I would need to have access to Exurb itself. Like your admin or whatever you call it, you should be able to go through as many features as possible and do some, I would like our team to do some reverse engineering. I'm not going to give you any technical details about that because we will poke around and check a few things. Because literally we are those who need to solve the problems. And in many cases there are some ways we are able to retrieve the data from the systems without having the API. So it's like literally everything you are able to give me the same. Okay, what about the website? How do you manage the website, meaning the content and stuff like that? Do you have access to that? We have two kinds of access. We have access to a clear cache, this one. The replication tool between Exurb and website. And we have CMS. CMS is controlled by marketing, this one to change the content. And what's used as a CMS? CMS is also a tool, this one, to control the content. The content, yeah. What's the name of the CMS? Umbraco. So it would be good to also get access there. Because really we need to poke around and see what kind of workarounds we can figure out in order to secure your data. And if we are able to do anything. Can we get access to the website? From the UK? So I think all accesses will be good coming from the UK, right? Because they ask, why are you asking? Literally our engineers are able to do magic sometimes. We are able to add UI elements to other applications without touching that application. Or bypass security which doesn't allow bots, so like automated systems to scrap the data. Because then we are using things like Power Automate Desktop where we actually mimic a normal person in order to grab the data. If needed. Because literally we are bypassing limitations of cloud management systems on a daily basis. And the example with sending reports over email is one of the examples. But at the beginning we always need the possibility to poke around, see what's behind the scene. So you can mimic Sheba for example? Replicate. Mimic Sheba and go your... But why we need to do that? Why do we make it smoothly? Our agreement says data owner is for us or for them? We are the data owners. As a franchise, I think, and I read it somewhere in the contract, they own the data. So you need to... Because of course it would be great to do it smoothly, they would just give you the data. It's my data so I will take it and take your system. But it depends on two things. On their willingness to give you and second thing is what you have in the agreement. Exactly, there will be a cost, but let's talk about also to get the data from the reverse engineering or from the back office or something. So it's Apple to Apple, I can see the cost of this one and if I pay this cost, I don't know what's the cost, if I pay, I will get it for all the modules. That's correct. I'm satisfied and I save my members. But with all the reverse engineering, it would be a lot of challenges. You can get, but you will not get with the same structure and everything. So it's like... It's one of the options, it's not the ideal option. On the other side, then it's better than just starting from scratch. Yeah, exactly. Even having partial data of the member will be much better than having no data. I think starting from scratch is not an option. I can't imagine it also. Let's start a new brand. Yeah, it's just... It's about the current existing members. So what we need now is that you've heard some of the stuff. There's a lot more that you haven't heard. If you can come back to me with what you think you can help us with. That's the goal. And then with the stuff that you can help us, then what do you need access to and different things that we can... We're looking at a new website, a new app, CRM, everything. I want to change it all. I want to bring one ecosystem, a total digital transformation. Efficiencies, productivity, tracking, analytics, everything to be measurable. The focus of my management is focused on a few things. Elevating brand reputation, increasing revenue, and maximizing profitability. That everything we do must fill and align with that. So those are the three things. And anything that we're going to be including or doing must help me increase those three points. Those are the three key pillars and objectives of the business. Makes a lot of sense. And based on that, based on your report, then you say, all right, this is the things I can help you with based on what I uncover with you guys today. These are the things that are going to help me. And then we proceed from there. We will then do
